So as we've seen,
the Java Standard Tag Library provides a set of core tags
that we can use within the application, and these are very useful.
They provide a very basic set of functionality that
comes in use over and over again.
So these tags give page authors some control over view logic,
and you prefer to use these rather than including script in the page,
but that script in our case would be Java.
They also allow far better control over things like URLs,
so we can now get application-relative URLs.
There are other things within the tag library,
but these are used less frequently.
For example, there are a set of SQL tags, and there are a set of XML tags.
Depending on the sort of application you're writing,
these may come in use,
but if you're writing a typical model-view-controller MVC application, then you would not use these tags.